README.md, before:

NoteSkin hanubeki
=================

A simple flat -- but huge -- NoteSkin for StepMania 5.1.
A goal of this noteskin is to support every gametype (except lights).

##Limitation of this NoteSkin##
No routine masks (only quanta mode supported).
In routine, holds are not fully colored by player,

##NoteSkin Parameters##

###Color Type###
* Quantize, Column, Split, Alternate, Symmetric
    * [en] Choose coloring method of note.
    * [ja] ノートの色付け方法を選択します。
    * Alternate and Symmetric are same way if column number is odd.

###Note Type###
* Normal, Bar (Narrow), Bar (Wide), Circle
    * [en] Choose shape of note.
    * [ja] ノートの形状を選択します。

###Lift Type###
* Octagon, Arrow
    * [en] Choose shape of lifts.
    * [ja] リフトの形状を選択します。
    * Using "Arrow" with Split/Alternate/Symmetric coloring is not recommended.

##Known problems##
* Active hold head has offset if Visual Delay is set

Fllowing problems are not confirmed in alpha 2:
* Crash while playing Springtime pump-single Expert (bundled with SM5)

##License##
この作品はクリエイティブ・コモンズ・表示 - 継承 4.0 国際・ライセンスで
提供されています。このライセンスのコピーを閲覧するには、
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/を訪問して下さい。

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
International License. To view a copy of this license,
visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/.

##Topic at StepMania forum##
[NoteSkin hanubeki](http://www.stepmania.com/forums/themes/show/4557)

Commit message:

_mhit is a potion from StepMania.

README.md, after:

NoteSkin hanubeki
=================

A simple flat -- but huge -- NoteSkin for StepMania 5.1.
A goal of this noteskin is to support every gametype (except lights).

##Limitation of this NoteSkin##
No routine masks (only quanta mode supported).
In routine, holds are not fully colored by player,

##NoteSkin Parameters##

###Color Type###
* Quantize, Column, Split, Alternate, Symmetric
    * [en] Choose coloring method of note.
    * [ja] ノートの色付け方法を選択します。
    * Alternate and Symmetric are same way if column number is odd.

###Note Type###
* Normal, Bar (Narrow), Bar (Wide), Circle
    * [en] Choose shape of note.
    * [ja] ノートの形状を選択します。

###Lift Type###
* Octagon, Arrow
    * [en] Choose shape of lifts.
    * [ja] リフトの形状を選択します。
    * Using "Arrow" with Split/Alternate/Symmetric coloring is not recommended.

##Known problems##
* Active hold head has offset if Visual Delay is set

Fllowing problems are not confirmed in alpha 2:
* Crash while playing Springtime pump-single Expert (bundled with SM5)

##License##
Lua files and image files except _mhit.png:
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
International License. To view a copy of this license,
visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/.

_mhit.png: 
sm-ssc is copyright ｩ AJ Kelly, Midiman, shakesoda (referred to as
"the spinal shark collective" hereafter), and other contributors.
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to
whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of
the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this
permission notice appear in supporting documentation.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS
INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

##Topic at StepMania forum##
[NoteSkin hanubeki](http://www.stepmania.com/forums/themes/show/4557)
